every one of this says fever host from
tablet videos info Android tablets net
and zoom forums calm last night I
finally routed my zoom 4G to ICS 4.0.3
which is androids newest Ice Cream
Sandwich operating system now the entire
process took about 20 minutes because I
had to download the USB files adb the
eos rom all that kind of stuff i wanted
to show you how it looks on my zoom now
how i did it and what features i think
are pretty cool
to start you're going to need to grab
the motorola USB driver now mind you all
of the links will be attached in the
description of this video and also on my
website at tablet videos info so
download that program and install it to
your computer I strongly recommend that
you use the USB cable that came with
your zoom and once you install the USB
Driver you're gonna want to reboot your
computer now once your computer is back
up hook up the USB cable and your
computer should now recognize your zoom
it can take a couple minutes to fully
recognize the tablet windows go through
a couple settings you know that kind of
stuff next you need to download the easy
ADB which again I have a link on where
to download that app once you have
downloaded it create a folder on your C
colon backslash Drive po SDK underscore
tools then extract all the ad files to
that directory the third step is to
download recovery image for the tablet
click on the link in the description of
this video once downloaded move the IMG
file to C colon backslash SDK underscore
tools the fourth step is to download the
ESO stingray file that goes with your
zone now there's a Wi-Fi a 3G 4G US and
other countries I'm gonna supply you a
list so you can click on the right link
once that file has been downloaded it's
usually about a hundred megabyte in size
move it to your micro USB card on your
tablet it's very important that you move
this to your external micro SD card if
you don't this whole process won't work
the fifth step is to download the google
applications file called a osg apps also
make sure to put that on your micro SD
card now we're at the ad eat part of the
process make sure before you begin to
check the USB debugging on your tablet
by going to settings applications
development and enable USB debugging now
your zoom should already be connected
via the USB cable if not make sure you
do that now okay now here comes a pretty
technical stuff but it's a step by step
walkthrough so it shouldn't really be
that difficult now once you've done all
this you're gonna want to click on start
then run and type in CMD on your
computer once the docs prompt comes up
type in C Colin
backslash SDK underscore tools first we
want to make sure that the zoom is in
fact recognized by your computer so type
in a DB space devices if your tablet is
recognized it's going to display a bunch
of numbers and letters if not I suggest
unplug the cable we plug it back in if
that doesn't work restart your computer
and try that again now if all this fails
remove the USB driver from Motorola
reinstall it and reboot also make sure
you're using the original USB cable
really important okay the next part is
in the DOS prompt type in adb space
reboot space loader now don't be shocked
if your zoom reboots that's exactly what
it's supposed to do on your zoom is
going to say on the top of tablet
starting fastboot protocol support once
it says that in the dots prompt on your
computer type in fastboot space om space
unlock now on your tablet a warning is
gonna come up saying something about
it's going to unsecure your tablet etc
use the volume down button to cycle to
unlock then hit me volume up to confirm
now at this point once you do this is
going to completely wipe all your apps
and
information off the tablet anytime you
load a custom ROM onto your tablet
everything gets removed although your
external micro sd card will not be
affected now once the zoom completes
this task
if it doesn't reboot itself in the DOS
prompt type fastboot space reboot
although every time I've done this the
tablet always reboot itself once the
zoom has rebooted and your computer has
recognized it again in the dots prompt
type in ADB space reboot space
bootloader the file will be the recovery
of TM on one that you downloaded to your
SDK underscore tools next unplug the USB
cable and reboot your zoom by pressing
the volume up and the power button at
the same time after the tablet reboots
and you see the Motorola logo wait three
seconds then hit the volume down button
you should now see it go into android
recovery and it's going to say that on
the top left corner if you don't get
into this section quick enough you're
gonna have to flash recover image all
over again and that's the ADB reboot
bootloader command etc now press the
volume up button to select Android
recovery now it's smart at this point to
back up your existing image drive to
your microSD card in case something bad
happens so use the volume down button to
go to backup and restore and use the
power button on the back of the zoom to
select backup this is going to backup
your image to your external cart now use
the volume down up buttons again to go
to wipe data/factory reset' and select
it with the power bud go down to yes
this is going to completely wipe
everything from your tablet there is no
going back from this point now using the
volume down up buttons go to wipe cache
a partition and select yes with the
power button on the back next go to
advanced and select white dull the cache
a then select go back option now select
Install zip from sdcard and choose the
ESO zip file this is going to be the ESO
stingray 1.0.0 etc file once that's done
the process for the G apps file version
10.5 is the newest wait for the process
to end and click reboot system now now
here is the exciting part if all goes
well once the tablet reboots
you're going to see a logo on the top
right bottom of the tablet it's gonna
spin for a couple of minutes and ICS
4.0.3 will load up this rom already has
root built into it so there's no need to
go out there and try to root it it's
already done
now the tablet keeps sticking at the
spinning logo on the bottom right of the
tablet I'm going to create a new video
on how to fix that so that's basically
how you root the zone tablet either it's
Wi-Fi 3G 4G it doesn't really matter
just select the correct ROM for it
pretty easy just just stick to it if
anything fails just go back to the
beginning go back to the adb devices
detect it load the bootloader do the
fastboot OEM I'm on reboot it go through
the bootloader images wipe all the
caches wipe the directory all that kind
of stuff you know eventually you're
gonna get it if not contact me anytime
and I'll make sure I'll get back with
you as soon as I can
beaver host with tablet videos dot info
you